In this video, we're going to quickly compare tags in GitHub.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, and on the "website" GitHub repository.
Let's click on releases, then go to tags. We have three tags;
we have "stable", "v1.0", and "unstable". Let's remember those three tags.
Now, let's go to the far right hand side and click on the icon for pull requests,
then click on "New pull request". When we land on the compare changes page
by default it wants to compare branches together,
since this is the workflow by which we generally start our pull request mechanism;
however, we use this page for doing comparisons as well.
On the base, we're going to stick with master,
and at this point, we are comparing master to develop.
Let's expand out develop, and now we have an ability to specify
a tag, commit, branch, or history marker. Let's use the tag "unstable".
Once GitHub finds a match, click on "unstable".
Now, we're comparing the unstable tag to the branch named master.
By the same token, we can change the base; expand it out,
and instead of master, we're going to type "1.0",
then click on the item or press enter. So now base has changed to 1.0,
and we're comparing that against the unstable tag.
So, at this point, we are comparing two different tags.